shut up yeah yeah but Rick no I'm in the
bridge see ya here I'm stuck what the
fuck where are you ah i teleported up
here you lucky fucker hello Mike I'm up
here here oh I'm gonna get crushed I'm
gonna get crushed oh I just missed a
cotton ball no fuck that guy get the
fuck out look at the old lady I get to
the old lady no shit she's alive we
still are not what where she go burn
where'd she go okay why but um all right
get out we get it i I'm a great time hi
bye-bye oh my gosh let's have a fight
Wow what the fuck well uh I don't think
we're having a fighter no more she's
still lying ok might get on top of this
it's no longer life ok wow that was
hey shatter with the golden Desert Eagle
she's like squirming on the ground look
yeah yeah old truck is like submerged in
there I know there's just a little piece
that isn't in there so I can't drive
around I can't drive her out here we go
how are you so excited what the fuck
just like a little child we're getting
sucking slowly my head is slowly going
in oh this Avenue oh ok do now do now do
now do now oh my god oh my god we got
launched oh my god oh oh my god another
1000 I popped out did it oh one for the
two oh shit oh my god what I get a UPS
truck where is it it got launched where
it's behind you oh it launched so high
up what are you doing the people that
are in the street right now I probably
like what is going on wha happen there's
something right through do too huh
you're not a dry too far oh there's cars
in the fucker way in the city Oh what is
go on I'm dead I'm and I I'm it I night
I'm oh what is going on
what is going on what is going on we're
like a vortex of ass all right you ready
ready for another ass fuck swoosh swish
me squish me here I go Oh laughs I'm
kidding hurt by this no I'm gonna die
I'm going to die I have hahaha oh my god
the car is halfway inside the fucking
ground with the foul what are these cop
cars doing I honestly I don't know
what's going on
Oh